README.markdown, before:

Linux Package Proxy Cache
=========================

Proxy server intended for caching _.rpm_ and _.deb_ packages from a Linux
repository mirror.

Usage
=====

Run proxy container
-------------------

```text
$ docker run \
	--name="packages" \
	--rm=true \
	--volume=repository-package-cache:/var/cache/nginx:Z \
	--network="proxy"
	localhost/afcowie/proxy:latest
```

runs in foreground and logs when requests hit its cache. In this repo this
command is conveniently contained in _./run.sh_ so:

```text
$ ./run.sh
```

Change configuration of new images
----------------------------------

Change the repository configurations in your base image to point to the
internal package mirror:

### Fedora

In _/etc/yum.repos.d/_ adjust _fedora.repo_ to have:

```text
baseurl=http://packages/fedora/linux/releases/$releasever/Everything/$basearch/os/
```
and in _fedora-updates.repo_ to have:

```text
baseurl=http://packages/fedora/linux/updates/$releasever/$basearch/
```

### Debian

Adjust _/etc/apt/sources.list_ to have:

```text
deb http://packages/debian/ stretch main
deb http://packages/debian/ stretch-updates main
```

Use normally
------------

Build on a [Fedora](https://github.com/afcowie/docker-fedora) base image:

```text
$ docker run -i -t --rm --network="proxy" localhost/afcowie/fedora:27 bash
ab317b9920d3 / # dnf install -y findutils
...
```

or building on a [Debian](https://github.com/afcowie/docker-debian) base image:

```text
$ docker run -i -t --rm  --network="proxy" localhost/afcowie/debian:stretch bsah
d874ac8dd5d4 / # apt-get install findutils
...
```

Enjoy!

Bugs
====

See [TODO](TODO.markdown).

Acknowledgements
================

This container was set up based on incredibly helpful posts from:

 - Michał Czeraszkiewicz, <http://czerasz.com/2015/03/30/nginx-caching-tutorial/>
 - James Nzomo, <http://tdt.rocks/repo_cache_ft_nginx.html>

Commit message:

Add comment about use of Docker Networking

README.markdown, after:

Linux Package Proxy Cache
=========================

Proxy server intended for caching _.rpm_ and _.deb_ packages from a Linux
repository mirror.

Usage
=====

Run proxy container
-------------------

```text
$ docker run \
	--name="packages" \
	--rm=true \
	--volume=repository-package-cache:/var/cache/nginx:Z \
	--network="proxy"
	localhost/afcowie/proxy:latest
```

runs in foreground and logs when requests hit its cache. In this repo this
command is conveniently contained in _./run.sh_ so:

```text
$ ./run.sh
```

Change configuration of new images
----------------------------------

Change the repository configurations in your base image to point to the
internal package mirror:

### Fedora

In _/etc/yum.repos.d/_ adjust _fedora.repo_ to have:

```text
baseurl=http://packages/fedora/linux/releases/$releasever/Everything/$basearch/os/
```
and in _fedora-updates.repo_ to have:

```text
baseurl=http://packages/fedora/linux/updates/$releasever/$basearch/
```

### Debian

Adjust _/etc/apt/sources.list_ to have:

```text
deb http://packages/debian/ stretch main
deb http://packages/debian/ stretch-updates main
```

Use normally
------------

Build on a [Fedora](https://github.com/afcowie/docker-fedora) base image:

```text
$ docker run -i -t --rm --network="proxy" localhost/afcowie/fedora:27 bash
ab317b9920d3 / # dnf install -y findutils
...
```

or building on a [Debian](https://github.com/afcowie/docker-debian) base image:

```text
$ docker run -i -t --rm  --network="proxy" localhost/afcowie/debian:stretch bsah
d874ac8dd5d4 / # apt-get install findutils
...
```

You don't need to use the Docker Networks mechanism, but if you don't you will
need to tell your containers how to reach the instance that is running the
package repository cache.

Enjoy!

Bugs
====

See [TODO](TODO.markdown).

Acknowledgements
================

This container was set up based on incredibly helpful posts from:

 - Michał Czeraszkiewicz, <http://czerasz.com/2015/03/30/nginx-caching-tutorial/>
 - James Nzomo, <http://tdt.rocks/repo_cache_ft_nginx.html>
